Hey, good morning family, praise the Lord.
Day 54.
Thank you for joining us today.
Well, I have some things on my heart.
I left off yesterday's video with what the Lord showed me when I was driving around.
I was by ORU again, praying by ORU.
We were going to the post office and the Lord showed me an assignment again—Trump again—but it was an assignment against those he loves because the elitists...
I'll call them the elitists.
You will see they were with the car markets.
The Lord showed me the car markets and the housing markets.
I saw the globalists not knowing how to contain him, so they were devising a plan because he was coming against their agenda.
The Lord showed me levels of wealth, and the higher you got in the hierarchy of the world system, the more evil and corrupt a lot of these people are.
I won't say all of them, but I'm going to say a vast majority of them were very evil and very corrupt.
I saw the origins of a major banking entity, BlackRock.
I saw why they name certain things the way they name them, and the significant root behind it was the rock.
It goes back to the scripture: 'Upon this rock I'll build my church and the gates of hell will not prevail against it.
' It was based off Jesus being the chief cornerstone, the rock.
BlackRock was a representation of Satan as a mockery of the rock.
Jesus is the rock, and Satan is calling himself the rock because he wants to be a rock of foundation, a rock of finances.
The Lord showed me how deep and how dark this system is.
I'm going to tell you all, it was a good 15-minute conversation that I had with the Lord just about this in itself.
When the Lord was downloading it to me, it was so overwhelming.
I sat there and I went, 'Oh my goodness.
' From Epstein's list to P.
Diddy's list, the Lord showed me how sick and sinister a lot of these elitists are.
As they do these pedophilia things, it feeds the demonic atmosphere, which in turn is kind of like a cult doing sacrifices, but it's for the sexual perversion of a demonic spirit that gets strength from that as they perform these demonic acts through all kinds of sexual perversion.
So the Lord was showing me the higher they were going, the reason why they become multi-billionaires is because Satan is the god of this world still.
This is his hand, like the Bible says his hand is over the economic system.
Because of this, I saw tentacles going out all over different countries and kingdoms: the United Kingdom, Asia, all of it.
But it was all linked back to the rock—the demonic influence of this.
There was a great demonic stronghold.
I saw President Trump coming against certain sectors of this demonic stronghold, exposing this, and these people warned him, 'If you do this, we will touch those things that you love.
' The Lord showed me a picture of the Kennedys.
There were things that we did not know behind closed doors about exposing things back in the 1960s, of trying to clean up and do things differently.
Yes, he had things with Marilyn Monroe, they say, right?
But there was a way of trying to expose darkness.
They called it the Kennedy curse, and it was on the whole family.
You could see all the stuff going on, but because of ties and alliances in the spirit with these people, I saw attacks coming against the people that he loved the most as he tries to expose this darkness in the next four years.
Great significant pain.
A humbling to shut you up, like pressure points.
'If you touch this, we'll touch this,' and all of a sudden this person's going to disappear.
I saw the first person they had on their list was somebody really close to him, and the Lord warned me to pray for this individual.
He told me to pray for his marriage and to intercede for his marriage.
There was an attack against his marriage and the Lord told me to pray for that.
So we're going to pray for his marriage today.
We're going to pray for the strengthening of the First Lady and President Trump, that Melania and him will grow closer together in this time, that there would be a mending of things.
I can't always reveal everything the Lord shows me because, quite frankly, it's not everybody's business, but I gave enough right there so that we pray for these people.
God has a plan, y'all, and he is a God of love.
Every single one of us has something we're walking through.
Praying for the car market, praying for the debt crisis—America's debt over credit cards.
Like I've warned you all about, a 1920s or 1930s-style crash is coming, planned on purpose, trying to combat what he's going to try to do in the next four years, trying to sabotage his agenda to make America great again.
The Lord showed me America is in the way, and they have a plan to bring a one-world thing.
The Lord showed me the last administration was a puppet.
He said these people are puppets to the big guys, and the head guy is the devil.
The Lord showed me it was in tiers—Satan being the top of a pyramid, just like how they use the pyramid.
He was the top of the pyramid and all of it funneled down.
The lower you got on the pyramid, the less money they had; the higher you got on the pyramid, the more money you had because you were talking directly to the devil.
So he distributed the wealth out because wealth equals power and influence for a satanic agenda of how to bring down the church.
Ultimately, it's all about souls; ultimately, it's all about kill, steal, and destroy.
But they're too dumb because all they're after is power.
That's all they care about—how much money they can have and how much influence they can have to fatten themselves up so they can have whatever they want.
It's a form of lust.
They want to fill themselves up with things because they are lacking the Lord, and they keep chasing their tail trying to figure out how to fulfill that empty void inside of their heart.
They keep turning and turning, thinking money and fame will fulfill that, yet they keep getting more empty.
So when you touch the pedophilia side, the sickness, trying to expose that darkness...
I even saw Elon Musk be in danger.
So we pray a hedge of protection around Trump and his family.
We pray around his sons.
We pray that no curses will stand, that every tongue that rises against him we condemn it, just like we pray for ourselves.
No matter how bad they try to sink our economy, no matter how bad they try to come against God's agenda, whatever the devil means for bad, God's going to turn it around for good in our favor.
I believe that we have the opportunity right now to stand against the demonic principalities of what the devil is trying to do in these last days.
He said, 'Raise up a prayer force of a million people.
' He's going to do that on this channel.
I just come and be obedient and pray every day, and he said he would bring the people.
We prayed for a man named James today and I'm believing God for his complete healing.
I was telling him about the silos full of body parts when I went to heaven with the Lord.
I was standing on the side of heaven and he showed me all the body parts.
There were silos full of different colors of eyes, different colors of arms, legs, and noses for the end times—for right now, folks.
If you just believe that all things are possible to him who believes, you don't understand how much the Lord has for you.
It's time for us to believe God for the impossible.
For brand new hearts—there were hearts, there were livers, there were kidneys, whatever you needed in these silos full of stuff for people with all different kinds of skin colors, just for you.
It's time for you to start to believe that God is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
To get it in the natural, you have to get it in the spiritual first.
Bringing it forth in the spiritual brings it into the natural.
That's what we were seeing last night.
Faith brings that which is in the spirit into the natural.
We were seeing the demonstrations and the manifestations of the glory on the congregation last night as they were believing by faith, saying it out of their mouths: 'I'm healed, I'm free, I'm delivered, I'm whole, I'm well.
' I take it and I believe that I receive it.
No matter how big it seemed to be, there were people that had stage four cancer that I believe the power of the Lord touched last night.
I believe that people that had incurable diseases in the natural can turn it around by just an act of faith.
A faith the size of a mustard seed will move a mountain; that's what the Bible says.
So I believe that today, even James is getting brand new kidneys, that Joyce is getting brand new kidneys.
Nothing's impossible.
There are silos of finances, bicycles, cars—whatever you may need.
It was a representation that all you have to do is believe for it.
Overflow time, folks!
This is a time like never before that we will soar.
Believe that your 2025 is going to be even better than your 2024, that you're going from glory to glory.
We're going to have an amazing 2025: more blessings, more prosperity, more increase, more Holy Ghost times, more healing, more visions, more demonstrations, and more manifestations.
The sky's the limit!
So Father, we thank you, Lord, for every single person that's represented here today.
We call them healed and whole and well, and we say in the name of Jesus that they are delivered from satanic bondage and that no weapon formed against them will prosper.
We call healing, wholeness, and wellness over their bodies from the top of their heads to the soles of their feet.
We call for new kidneys, new livers, new pancreases, new prostates, whatever they may need—new ovaries, a new uterus.
Father, you have it, and I believe that they receive in Jesus' name.
New hearts, new lungs, new throats, new esophaguses, new thyroids, teeth, whatever it may be.
I thank you, Lord, for new hair; I believe it for them.
Father, you said in your word that faith calls those things that be not as though they were, and we speak and we decree a thing right now: that the healing power of God flows on the inside of them in the name of Jesus.
And we believe, Father, that President Trump is protected and his children, that no weapon formed against them would prosper, and every tongue that rises against them, they will condemn it.
I thank you, Lord, that there are angels—Secret Service angels—watching over him from the north, south, east, and west, and they will not shut him up.
He will have godly wisdom on how to turn this America godly again.
You said we'd have a window, and we call forth that window right now to bring in the lost like we've never seen before—healings and demonstrations of the glory on this nation and all around this world.
All for the glory of God.
We will lay hands on the blind and their eyes will open.
We will lay hands on the ears and they will pop open.
We speak to autism, to cerebral palsy, to mental retardation, and severe handicaps.
We pray over your minds and we say, 'Be healed in the name of Jesus.
' We thank you, Lord, that the people who are not able to speak, we call their tongues to be loosed in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, for restoration of all minds from dementia to Alzheimer's to Parkinson's disease.
We thank you, Lord, that the brain is healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
Depression, anxiety, fear, worry—we take authority over it right now.
We speak to the digestive system and we say, 'Be healed in Jesus' name.
' Father, we thank you that you have a plan for their life to live long and finish strong.
I thank you, Lord, that you promised us 120 years, and we believe for all 120 years of it in Jesus' name, that we will outlive and be a sign and a testament—not living sick and busted, but still able to work around the yard even at 120 years.
Father, you said Moses was 120 and his eyes didn't grow dim; he had the glory sustaining him.
I thank you that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
Do you understand we have a greater covenant with God now than what they had?
They were underneath the Abrahamic covenant; we have a covenant with Jesus Christ's blood.
We are wall-to-wall Holy Spirit.
We are the head and not the tail; we are above and not beneath.
It's a time like never before that we arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon us.
Father, I thank you that people see the glory on our faces—physically, mentally, emotionally, and financially.
We are the overcomers.
I believe in prosperity.
I believe in healing and wholeness.
He became poor so that we don't have to become poor; He became sin so that we don't have to walk in sin.
He took it all on that cross for us, and He delivered us by His precious blood.
Because He took that on His body, we need not bear it in our own body.
According to Galatians, Christ has redeemed you from the curse of the law.
According to Deuteronomy 28, all those curses were labeled, but we are redeemed from the curse of the law.
We need to be filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit.
So Father, we thank you, Lord, that we speak to those circumstances; we say change in the name of Jesus.
We call for a turnaround as we close out 2024 and go into 2025 with great acceleration.
Father, you showed me a big rocket ship getting ready to take off, and I saw 5, 4, 3, 2, 1—financial liftoff for people.
I believe, Father, this is a time like never before that we will hear your voice.
We plead the blood over our ears today, Father, that we would hear you.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for restoration of Trump's marriage.
I thank you, Lord, for bringing down the walls of separation and divorce; we command it to go now in the name of Jesus.
Even the things that are in the secret place, we call forth restoration in the marriage.
I thank you, Lord, that there is a mending of hearts.
I thank you, Lord, that Donald Trump is radically born again.
I thank you, Lord, that he is filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit in these last days, filled with a capacity of overflow.
Out of the belly shall flow rivers of living water.
I thank you, Father.
We're not just barely getting 'this little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine.
' We have a massive bonfire for Jesus!
I've got a Holy Ghost fire, and I'm not going to hide it under a bush.
The devil's not going to put it out because he can't put out a raging inferno.
Cause a major brushfire to sweep through the churches and your congregations.
Arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen on us.
This is a time like never before to come up higher at the throne of God.
We'll have boldness like a lion and take the land for Jesus Christ.
Father, we thank you that you're exposing all darkness.
The seeds they have sowed in the past will come to harvest at last.
We call forth a crop failure over our bad seeds today.
Whether they be smoking seeds, drinking seeds, drug seeds, pornography seeds, or gambling seeds, we call crop failure over those seeds in the name of Jesus.
Completely delivered from satanic bondage, that we'll be that bride without spot or wrinkle.
And the Lord told me 'spot' and 'wrinkle' is hidden sin and demonic oppression.
We're King's kids, we're free!
And we call Elon Musk born again today in the name of Jesus.
We call Elon Musk baptized in the Holy Ghost, filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
I thank you, Lord, that the spirit of confusion and those demonic spirits that have been trying to plague him, we come against them.
We say, 'You are free, Elon Musk!
' And the Starlink will be used for the glory of God.
President Trump will be praying in the White House, calling forth fire and the Holy Ghost, because you said, 'If my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray, then you would heal our land.
' Yes, we will see darkness because the birthing pains will increase, but we will have a window for revival.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that marriages are restored on this channel, and people are healed and prosperous.
I thank you, Lord, that their minds are renewed and they have the wisdom and power to get wealth.
We are more than conquerors through Him who loved us.
God has put greatness on the inside of you.
I tried to speak to the man that was there at the meeting—I'm sorry I forgot your name, sir—but the Lord told me, 'Speak to the king inside of him.
' You've got more inside of you than where you're at right now.
There's a king on the inside of you and God said, 'I'm bringing you out of that pit.
' It's time to come out of that victim mentality.
We brush ourselves up and we stand against the devil.
Praise the Lord, ladies and gentlemen.
I appreciate you joining me today.
We prayed for Donald Trump's marriage and covering over his children.
A thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but nothing shall come nigh us.
That's a promise.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
Like Pastor Billy said, whenever you see a bad commercial on TV that gives statistics about cancer, you speak out loud, 'No!
That's not going to happen to me!
' Don't let them bear fruit.
I'm not a statistic.
I'm not of this world!
They always ask me at the doctor about family history.
They're doing what they've been trained to do, but I'm not under the curse!
Jesus has set me free.
Heart disease?
I'm not taking that.
I have a new DNA inside of me; I have the blood of Jesus Christ that has set me free from generational curses.
But you have to actively resist the devil.
You have to fight him from a place of being full!
Don't fight him from a place of empty, otherwise you're going to get your hiney whipped.
Remember the seven sons of Sceva?
They got their hinies whipped because they did not have the revelation of who He was.
Does hell know your name?
I have to ask you that today.
Do they know who you are in the pits of hell?
Fight from a place of full, not from a place of empty.
Well, glory to God!
Thank you for joining me today, y'all.
We're making a difference.
May His face shine on you and give you peace today.
In this Christmas season, we say, 'Happy birthday, Jesus!
' We sing 'Happy Birthday' to Him, or even that Stevie Wonder song: 'Happy birthday to you.
' Stevie Wonder's is a happy song—it's fun!
We play it every year and say, 'Jesus, it's your birthday!
' Tomorrow I'll talk to you all more about the thousand-year reign and what we do after it.
The Lord Jesus is coming and He has a mansion for you.
He was showing me the depth of the martyr's crown and how much of an honor it is in heaven.
He showed me a man who sowed in secret a lot—he gave away over $53 million but never once wanted recognition.
The Lord showed me his robe in heaven, breathtaking with gold designs.
If you get praise for it on this side, there's no blessing like that on the other side.
You're going to be amazed that it's the little granny in the corner who gave her widow's mite, who interceded for the preacher.
The last will be first and the first will be last.
If you want to hear God the most, go clean a toilet!
There's something beautiful in it.
I did that for 15 years—some of the nastiest things you'll ever see, like cleaning up diarrhea when people would mess themselves.
But I learned how to truly worship Him in those hard times.
He became real.
Well, I pray this video blessed you and put a smile on your face.
Jesus loves you so much, and we will see you all again tomorrow.
Praise the Lord, y'all have a great night.
Bye-bye.